how would you feel if you found out
later if they admit it to you hello you
know on the first date I told you I
collect South Park video games no it's
not sure of me at all no I've never
really watched the show I'm not really
into it when you find out that someone
really tried to initiate and sustain and
define this relationship on the basis of
a lie
on the basis of concealment on the basis
of dishonesty even if it's a lie about
something trivial the fact that the
relationship was built on a lie is
profoundly negative out of all
proportion to the particular thing being
lied about hold my hand you didn't
actually think I wanted to hold your
hand write some reflections on PUA
culture pickup artists dating advice
Gabi Hannah you put two here from went
out on a date with a guy who was a
highly trained pickup artist and the
angle I want to bring to this is really
reflect you on the importance of
sincerity itself in a world where real
affection real interest real love is
invaluable is so important to our lives
but fake affection fake love something
that doesn't just have zero value it's
something that's actually revolting and
that's why my opinion pickup artistry
will always be counterproductive
apart from being kind of bad and evil
and wrong he then in this
hole-in-the-wall sushi restaurant stood
up extended his hand and said would you
like to dance with me no music
out of the blue mid conversation like
for other people in the restaurant
including the sushi chef and the
waitress so then I say was that a
pick-up trick and he said no can you
reached her
my neck grabbed my hair I jump back and
I'm like what the whoa what are you
doing I don't like being touched he then
said oh I was just thinking how cute you
would look with your hair like this I
said is this a pickup trick he said no
he then told me without me asking how
sensitive he is how much he respects his
mother how much he hates one-night
stands and I asked him is this part of a
pickup trick and he said no so if this
type of prepared dialog could accomplish
anything the best thing you could
possibly accomplish would be just
getting the woman's attention just on
that most basic level making her notice
you not even be addressing you if for
example you have a co-worker in the
office like a huge office with many many
employees and she really doesn't even
know you exist at that absolute most
basic level of having an incident occur
where they notice you and that you're
not just another face in the crowd you
have a dialogue at all that would be the
most flattering account I could give the
greatest possible positive benefit you
could get from these types of methods
would just be at that level of being
noticed
rather than ignored on a first encounter
so to speak and then beyond that whether
or not this person is interested in you
without this person likes you with not
this progresses towards sex love
marriage or at least some kind of dating
that has to be based on something real
right that can't be based on deception
it can't be based on flattery it can't
be based on a prepared script so one of
the ways in which what this particular
guy is doing is wrong with this
particular girl is she already chose him
she actually selected him from a dating
app she already took an interest in him
she noticed him she went out on a date
with him she's interested in getting to
know who
he really is he already has her interest
he already has her engagement she's
willing to sit with him in a restaurant
for several hours okay so in terms of
what phone eNOS can do tactics this kind
of contrived dialog your way way way
past that right but at this stage what
contrived dialogue phone eNOS deception
and flattery can do is completely poison
their relationship right and this this
would work if the roles were reversed
these examples she's giving so someone
who lies to you about their relationship
with their own mother okay what kind of
person is that what is your opinion of
someone who lies to you about their
relationship with their own mother in
order to manipulate you look whether
you're the man and you're imagining this
be a woman or the woman imagine this man
what is the possible positive way
forward and whatever he could have said
in that window of time then he already
has in a situation where he already has
her attention he already has her
interest whatever what as long as he's
keeping it real at least that will lead
to the progress of this relationship on
the basis of some kind of real
assessment of who you are and how
compatible you may or may not be a quick
example let's suppose you meet someone
of the opposite sex or through that wink
line someone of the same sex that you're
romantically interested in and the first
thing they tell you about themselves is
that they collect South Park video games
video games from the South Park TV
series and they they seem really into it
and they're really jazzed about and
they're telling about this and you're
like um okay let's just say you're not
particularly a fan of South Park you
don't hate it but you don't really know
anything about this and you try to feign
interest or whatever okay that
conversation goes wherever it's gonna go
and you kind of judge them accordingly
all right you know this person collects
memorabilia for this mainstream TV show
but however that scenario plays out good
bad or indifferent how do you feel when
you find out that it was all a lie
would you feel if you found out later if
they admit it to you hello you know on
the first date I told you I collect
South Park video games no that's not
true of me at all
no I've never really watched the show
I'm not really into it this isn't just
the difference between something being
positive and being a zero when you find
out that someone really tried to
initiate and sustain and define this
relationship on the basis of a lie on
the basis of concealment on the basis of
dishonesty even if it's a lie about
something trivial
you know her example was he's lying
about his relationship with his mother
and this kind of thing but okay you're
lying about your hobbies or interests or
something the fact that the relationship
was built on a lie is profoundly
negative out of all proportion to the
particular thing being lied about
because nobody really cares whether or
not you collect South Park memorabilia
but when I was first getting to know you
I know that you intentionally lied to me
about that because you thought this
relationship was gonna proceed on the
basis of you deceiving and manipulating
me so in this way the whole PUA approach
vitiate and undermines everything so not
only did he try the most basic textbook
he got tricks but he lied about all of
them to my face and I know this because
he later admitted to me that all of
those things were indeed pickup tricks
States over we go outside he asked me if
I want to go on a walk around the
neighborhood I think well as long as I
don't go down a dark alley it's probably
fine then he tries to hold my hand oh my
hand we met like thirty five minutes ago
so I just say hey no I don't really want
to hold hands he then says you didn't
actually think I wanted to hold your
hand right and I was like okay yeah and
then he goes seriously I didn't I just
wanted to hold your hand just see if it
was callous and gross needless to say
I'm not holding his hand conversations
weird he actually ends up walking me
home and as we're
the crosswalk get this he full-fledged
and for the kill tries to kiss me I
didn't even want to hold your hand yet
ain't God the only thing I have to say
in the otro is the same goddamn thing I
said in the intro okay we live in a
world where nothing is more precious
nothing is more meaningful and nothing
is more valuable than real love and look
at the extraordinary lengths people are
willing to go to to get it look at the
extraordinary lengths people are willing
to go to just to have a chance at it
right but real love has to be based on
real mutual knowledge and understanding
right real self knowledge to begin with
you got to know who you are and then
you've got to take the steps to share
that with someone else it can never be
based on you know contrived sketch
scripted dialogues of this kind it can
never be based on manipulation or
flattery between people what those
techniques lead to instead is fake love
and fake love isn't just some kind of
cheap substitute for you know real
engagement real relationships it's
actually something bad and evil and
wrong I think a lot of the critique of
PUA culture has kind of been based on a
phony sense of outrage of you know how
dare you and there's a deeper question
here everyone has the audacity to lie
little children like constantly it
doesn't take courage or special training
or go into a camp to learn in a lie what
little children need to learn is the
importance of telling the truth
we're all born liars we're all born
dishonest its honesty that's second
nature it's honesty that you that you
have to practice right the problem with
pickup artistry the problem with this
dishonest approach to relationships in
your life is that ultimately what you
end up with is a kind of counterfeit
currency in the part of your life that
matters most
not just your work life you know it's
one thing if you tell lies for a living
many of us do you may have signed a
contract that obliges you to lie
at least not to not disclose the truth
many of us tell lies for a living we
tell lies at the office we tell lies at
school or whatever it is but when you
have that counterfeit currency in the
most intimate circle of your life the
woman or the man you come home to at the
end of the day think of the long-term
the corrosive effect that's going to
have on your moral character on who it
is you're supposed to be ultimately you
yourself will end up as a victim of this
same strange cycle of what I'm here
calling fake love